---
title: "D|S.Q3TDM vs clan519"
date: 2002-08-01 20:00:00
opponent: "clan519"
event: "KIT2"
result: "Loss"
total_score: 2-3
location: "Online"
match_type: "TDM"
maps:
  - name: "ospdm5"
    our_score: 89
    their_score: 116
  - name: "pro-q3dm6"
    our_score: 110
    their_score: 141
  - name: "q3dm14"
    our_score: 110
    their_score: 79
  - name: "cpm4"
    our_score: 125
    their_score: 115
  - name: "q3dm7"
    our_score: 148
    their_score: 132
coach_notes: ""
---
Semi-Finals

clan519's Lineup: ZeRo4, JFW, gator, and boodah (djWheat coaching or streaming?)
D|S's Lineup: Alias, carde, cha0ticz, and mahmood (Coach: Syn)


----
From KIT2 website (by Methos):

> In what turned out to be a great, hard fought, 5 game series, clan 519 fought off a very tough clan Darkside to win the overall KIT Season 2 Championship. There was a time that we thought the games might not get played so, congratulations to both clans on their efforts & determination in getting the finals played. 
>
>  I've never been a big believer in game reviews so, my suggestion is to Download the Darkside vs 519 demos here and see these exciting games for yourself. For last night's games, we also allowed TSN to come in and shoutcast for the KIT finals. There were a few glitches with the cast that seem to happen on every TSN shoutcast. The time sync to the GTV was way off, except for the last 10 minutes of the final game. This always happens on TSN because they use the shoutcast server program which is about as lame as they come and is not configuration friendly. For the most part, I had a hard time hearing what Blankz was saying as his volume level never seemed to match that of Wheat. Having said all that, I think that Wheat (from clan 519) did a great job casting the match. He was entertaining, informative and excitable. These 3 things made for some classic moments. Wheat will be teamed with Wiseguy for the upcoming Quakecon Q3 broadcasts and in my opinion, that should be the best Q3 shoutcast tandem ever. This is assuming that either of them will be able to keep the other quiet long enough to get a word in. :) Thanks Wheat for providing a great cast last night.
>
> In the next day or so, I will be making my final KIT post of the season. I hope to have full disclosure of the donated money and how it was allocated. I will also be able to announce what prizes Darkside won for being the KIT East Champions and have the final stats for the KIT playoffs.