---
title: "D|S.Q3TDM vs *69"
date: 2003-05-21 20:00:00
opponent: "*69"
event: "JFW Cup"
result: "Win"
total_score: 3-1
location: "Online"
match_type: "TDM" 
maps:
  - name: "q3dm14"
    our_score: 97
    their_score: 78
  - name: "q3dm7"
    our_score: 113
    their_score: 117
  - name: "cpm4"
    our_score: 121
    their_score: 63
  - name: "ospdm6"
    our_score: 117
    their_score: 101    
coach_notes: ""
---
Quarter Finals

*69's Lineup: UNKNOWN
D|S's Lineup: Alias, carde, cha0ticz, and reflux (Coach: Syn)

---
>From cache.net, BitchSlayre519 has a great report:
>
>Wednesday night signaled the end of star69&#039;s magnificent run in the 1st Annual JFW 519 Q3TDM Cup, as they ran into a DarkSide team that did not want to see their tournament finish like the Los Angeles Lakers season.
>
>Sporting their shiny new Marauder PC.com tags, DarkSide stepped into the Quake3: Arena with Alias, carde, cha0ticz, and reflux defending the honor of their latest sponsor. Star69 fielded etc, Habib, LoSt CaUsE, and the ever-reclusive muiy. Notable in their absence were mahmood for DarkSide and Daler and KungFoo for star69.
>
>The ritual pummel battle was made out to be a mockery by *69|muiy, who so inelegantly shot a rocket into the air in virtual defiance of the laws of JFW. For his shenanigans, star69 was disqualified passing the choice of first map pick in this best-of-5 series on to Team DarkSide. From there, the teams descended into the Grim Dungeons...
>
>Game 1 on Q3DM14: The Grim Dungeons started off with some battles here and there and all the livelong day. Star69 found themselves in the preternatural position of being up after a few minutes of play but were quickly equalized by DarkSide&#039;s ability to snag the Quadruple Damaging Device. A comical event of a cosmic magnitude took place somewhere between the start and finish of this first game. Somehow *69|etc and *69|Habib found themselves as the unwilling participants in a synchronized voiding exhibition: both players found themselves situated on the thin ledge that surrounds the battlesuit platform, and the sight of DarkSide members entering the room caused a panic that released them into the air for gravity to take hold of. The demo of this game MUST be downloaded and viewed for proper justice to be had. DarkSide wins 97-78
>
>Game 2 on Q3DM7: Temple of Retribution saw a back and forth game reminiscent of the old way DM7 used to be played with control at RA and group tactics leading up to quad. The game was close down to the final minute and some clutch kills by star69 members proved to be the deciding factor. LoSt CaUsE was a devastating force for star69 as his repeated kills on DarkSide quad carriers nullified any big quad runs. Final Score: star69 wins 117-113
>
>Game 3 on CPM4: The Realm of Steel Rats started off 2 Fast, 2 Furious. Okay, perhaps it did not, for after 2 minutes of play the score sat at 6-2 in favor of Team DarkSide. The remnants of that game do not play favorably in my mind or in star69&#039;s. Final score: DarkSide wins 121-63
>
>Game 4 on OSPDM6: Suicide by Druzli began with an insidious screeching sound in my ears. As it turns out, it was Sugar Ray&#039;s new video playing in the background, but it very well could have been *69|etc whining about his ping and /kronosing among other things. To summarize the events of this game in a sentence: star69 could very easily have won if etc would have played to win from the start. After playing like the little kid from Punk&#039;d for most of the game, etc finally shut up and decided to play. It was during this timeframe that star69 was able to close what initially looked like an insurmountable deficit to 3 frags in the waning minutes of the game. It was not to be however, as DarkSide eventually closed the door to the game, match, and star69&#039;s JFW Cup run. Final score: DarkSide wins 117-101
>
>4th place: star69
>
>In a bitter loss, star69 will gather up the bits and pieces from a tournament that could have been. After playing reasonably close minus their superstar coach KungFoo and regular starter Daler, star69 can only reflect on what might have happened if those two had shown up to battle the smiling forces of Team DarkSide. What is known, however, is that Daler&#039;s selfish disposition will not soon be forgotten by the Quake3 playing members of clan star69. How this affects those members has yet to be determined, but the coming months will prove interesting for those watching the fallout from this escapade of a renegade youth.
>
>On another note from the match, many in attendance may have noticed the garrulous outbursts perpetrated by one *69|etc. In shaking off the trammels of respectability, *69|etc has crossed the line. He thus receives the www.clan519.com Jackass of the Week award. Congratulations to *69|etc on the Jackass of the Week award. His efforts this week will duly be noted and considered for Jackass of the Year when time for passing out that hardware arrives.